---
layout: post
category: note
title: "Friendship has ended with Mastodon... Not really, but I'm on Bluesky now."
tags: [tech, bluesky]
# images: [images/thumbnail.png]
date: 2024-10-25
---
I'm on Bluesky now, my handle is [@realja.me](https://bsky.app/profile/realja.me) so go follow me.<!--more-->

A lot of people are moving to Bluesky from Twitter due to recent nerfs of the block feature, so I'm posting there now.[^1]

After studying how Bluesky's decentralized nature works, I love it! I'll happily use it alongside the Fediverse in the future. Plus, I feel that Bluesky has a much more diverse set of users. Especially artists, there are so many artists on here!

I've also written some thoughts earlier on when I started using it, might as well paste that here:

> Bluesky is excellent, honestly. I'll be actively using it alongside here.
> It seems to be much more comprehensible to normal people, because its decentralization is a lot more behind-the-scenes. I'm glad to be able to access a social media full of artists and content creators that isn't Twitter. I think if Bluesky takes off and Fedi doesn't, I would be OK with that future.
> That's basically my thoughts on Bluesky after using it for a few days
> 
> both my mastodon and bluesky feeds are full of furries, but mastodon is full of furry tech workers and bluesky is full of furry artists, so maybe that shows the userbase of each
> 
> I like how Bluesky has a search feature that actually fully works. I don't like that while a Mastodon-Bluesky account bridge is completely technically possible, you are forced to deal with an opt-in account which leads to it being impossible to convince Bluesky people to get on board.
> I know these sort of limits on Mastodon (and co?) are in the interest of user privacy and choice, but for me personally, I like having a working search and such.
> It has a good algorithm too - it's fun to discover all the different people, and maybe this will change over time, but it doesn't prop up negativity and hate, but rather interesting thoughts. The custom feeds thing is very weird and cool to me as well, something to look into.
> There really isn't a good answer to discovery on Mastodon in comparison. It's hard to get new people on here because of that.

I've added Bluesky to the footer accordingly. Unrelated, but just to note, the home page is now more like an about page because I never post so why show them first!!!!!!!!!!!!! That's all for this post bye.

[^1]: Actually, I made my account when it was invite-only in 2023, but I felt no reason to use it. I do now.